h1. Todopia Release Notes

h3. 0.2.14
* #! tag now highlights the todo
* shift-enter saves a new/edited todo

h3. 0.2.13 (hotfix)
* Reenabled plain text email.  Appears to be an odd Gmail spam issue
* Added link in daily summary to shutting off daily summary :)
* Fixed login process to redirect to desired page is authentication was needed

h3. 0.2.12 (hotfix)
* Shut off plain text email copy due to odd BBG mail server issues
* Enabled caching for javascript
* Hopefully fixed odd reloading issue in js
* Shut off multiple reminder blinks

h3. 0.2.9
* Added daily summary report
* Added option to only send when items are due or overdue
* Added ability to reset password and retrieve user id
* Added whenever gem

h3. 0.2.8
* Added ability to schedule todos in the future.  Just start tag with "starts DATE PHRASE"
* Fixed reordering todo within group bug
* Fixed width of tag groups in textboxlist
* Fixed click to close bug in options by adding close button

h3. 0.2.7 (hotfix)
* Slide options panel width fixed
* Clicking anywhere outside of slide options panel closes panel
* Clicking flash messages hides them

h3. 0.2.6 (hotfix)
* Checking for todo list in reorder
* Checking for move from and to when moving todos

h3. 0.2.5 (hotfix)
* Fixed min width issue in firefox
* Fixed duplicate todo listing if unfiled

h3. 0.2.3
* New options dock for printing and email
* Ability to send yourself an email copy of your todos
* Removed auto-refresh due to oddities
* Moved lots into partials :)

h3. 0.2.2
* Ability to select "waiting" items
* Current selected todo arrow indicator
* Ability to delete with "d" key
* Ability to rename groups
* Ability to change due date tags
* Ability to reprioritize via drag/drop (though due date still takes precedence, using #1, #2, tags recommended)

h3. 0.2.1
* New layout.  Cleaner.
* Fixed order of items so in process is always last
* If something is in process, shows waiting clock instead of checkbox.

h3. 0.1.24 (hotfix)
* Print button added
* New toolbar color
* Fixed print css 
* Added highlight for anything due or past due

h3. 0.1.23 (hotfix)
* Added 10 minute auto-refresh
* Reordered todos so that due/past due first, then priorities, then dates
* Fixed (i hope) binding of spacebar issue

h3. 0.1.22
* Drag and drop todos into groups 
* Position is not priority, setable with a #number tag (1 highest, 10 lowest)
* Clicking clock or "w" sets a task to waiting
* Recording waiting_since in todos model.  Displayed on clock mouseover
* Todos ordered by not waiting, then waiting, then priority

h3. 0.1.21
* Added remember me option to login
* Nicely formatted print output.  Just the facts ma'am
* Ability to print any group
* Ability to check, delete or print all unfilled todos
* Added hook to checklist reload
* Uservoice tab hidden in fluid app
* Added link to release notes from from readme
* Fixed bug dealing with blank tags

h3. 0.1.20
* Firefox keyboard fixes.  It now works.

h3. 0.1.19
* Added keyboard shortcut "c" to create new todo (like gmail)
* Added keyboard shortcut "#" to delete todo
* Added ability to close new todo panel with escape key
* Hiding some keyboard shortcuts on main page for cleanliness
* Added icon to delete today without having to first complete
* Added RELEASE NOTES
* Fixed uppercase grouping bug
* Integrated User Voice
